These are the shell scripts for the Linux environment running on
modified Tiny Core Linux PiCore 13.1 ("PiTrexCore"). The following
are brief descriptions which will be elaborated upon in the Wiki
eventually.

bootlocal.sh - Run at end of boot to set up the software
               environment, start WiFi or Bluetooth if specified
               on the kernel command line, and either start the
               VMMenu menu program or another program specified
               on the kernel command line. (run as root)

btinit.sh - Initialise the Bluetooth hardware on the Pi Zero W or
            Zero 2 W. (run as root)

btpair.sh - Pair and connect to a Bluetooth device (after Bluetooth
            is initialised by btinit.sh) by MAC address of ID read
            from file.
            Options:
             -a   Pair with audio device listed by ID or MAC
                  address in btdev_audio.txt on SD card root   
                  directory, and set as default audio device
             -c   Pair with controller device listed by ID or MAC
                  address in btdev_controller.txt on SD card root
                  directory.
             (run as root)

btstart.sh - Runs btinit.sh and "btpair.sh -a" with sudo, for launching
             from VMMenu.
             Note that the bluetooth scripts really need more feedback
             and interaction via the Vectrex.

wifiinit.sh - Connect to Wireless network specified in
              wpa_supplicant.conf on the root directory of the SD
              card. The "-b" argument causes it to run in the
              background.

usbaudio.sh - Initialise/switch-to audio output using a USB sound
              device.

zip2vmmenu.sh - Identify arcade ROMs within ZIP files and add
                corresponding VMMenu menu entry from menu data
                file (contains menu entries and CRC32 ROM
                checksums).
                Usage:
                 zip2vmmenu.sh [menu data file] [roms directory]

mkvmmenu.sh - Generate menu file for VMMenu, including MAME ROMs
              (uses zip2vmmenu.sh), Vectrex ROMs (uses cartlist),
              and native PiTrex executables.
              On SD card directories read are:
              /roms - XMAME ROMs in ZIP files (can optionally use
                      sub-directories for different XMAME versions)
              /vectrex - Vectrex ROM binaries.
              /tcz - PiTrex executables in gzip-compressed Squashfs
                     file systems (Tiny Core Linux extensions).
              Menu lists for each directory are saved and only
              regenerated if the contents have changed.
              (run as root)

piext.sh - Run in PiTrex source root directory after compiling
           all software to build Tiny Core Linux extensions in
           distro/tcz. Programs with install rules in
           Makefile.raspbian have extensions generated using that,
           or else installation locations are specified in an
           [extension].list file (files to be added from below the
           top level of the program's directory are symlinked, 
           Symlink to a symlink if you want to include a symlink in 
           the extension).
           Note that this will delete everything in /opt/pitrex and
           all previous extension files in distro/tcz.

vmm_pitrexcore.sh - This runs the program selected from VMMenu. 
                    Loads all required extensions, determines the
                    correct configuration settings, launches the
                    program (starting the X server if required),
                    then saves any configuration changes after the
                    program exits (this is the only point that the
                    SD card is mounted with write access). Remote
                    X programs are run remotely if WiFi is enabled
                    and xmame_remote.sh connects successfully.

vmm.sh - Calls vmm_pitrexcore.sh with arguments passed from VMMenu
         without root permissions. An ugly solution to an annoying
         permissions problem.

xmame_remote.sh - Set up and switch to/from remote XMAME on PC via
                  WiFi and XFree86. Runs mkvmmenu.sh to update the
                  menu entries for the ROMs available for the
                  different local/remote XMAME versions (37b16
                  local, 0.106 remote). PC's IP address is
                  discovered using mDNS and ROMs are copied to the
                  PC's RAM file system using the Rsync protocol.

xmame_rexec.sh - Script to run XMAME on remote system via Rexec
                 protocol, with display on the PiTrex X server.

builtin.ini - Menu entries for system commands.
